accountsservice                                 install
acl                                             install
acpid                                           install
adduser                                         install
apparmor                                        install
apport                                          install
apport-symptoms                                 install
apt                                             install
apt-transport-https                             install
apt-utils                                       install
at                                              install
base-files                                      install
base-passwd                                     install
bash                                            install
bash-completion                                 install
bc                                              install
bcache-tools                                    install
bind9-host                                      install
bsdmainutils                                    install
bsdutils                                        install
btrfs-progs                                     install
btrfs-tools                                     install
busybox-initramfs                               install
busybox-static                                  install
byobu                                           install
bzip2                                           install
ca-certificates                                 install
cloud-guest-utils                               install
cloud-init                                      install
cloud-initramfs-copymods                        install
cloud-initramfs-dyn-netconf                     install
command-not-found                               install
command-not-found-data                          install
console-setup                                   install
console-setup-linux                             install
coreutils                                       install
cpio                                            install
cron                                            install
cryptsetup                                      install
cryptsetup-bin                                  install
curl                                            install
dash                                            install
dbus                                            install
dbus-user-session                               install
debconf                                         install
debconf-i18n                                    install
debianutils                                     install
dh-python                                       install
diffutils                                       install
dirmngr                                         install
distro-info                                     install
distro-info-data                                install
dmeventd                                        install
dmidecode                                       install
dmsetup                                         install
dns-root-data                                   install
dnsmasq-base                                    install
dnsutils                                        install
dosfstools                                      install
dpkg                                            install
e2fslibs:amd64                                  install
e2fsprogs                                       install
e2fsprogs-l10n                                  install
eatmydata                                       install
ebtables                                        install
ed                                              install
eject                                           install
ethtool                                         install
fdisk                                           install
file                                            install
findutils                                       install
fontconfig                                      install
fontconfig-config                               install
fonts-dejavu-core                               install
fonts-droid-fallback                            install
fonts-noto-mono                                 install
fonts-ubuntu-console                            install
fonts-ubuntu-font-family-console                install
friendly-recovery                               install
ftp                                             install
fuse                                            install
gawk                                            install
gcc-5-base:amd64                                install
gcc-6-base:amd64                                install
gcc-8-base:amd64                                install
gdisk                                           install
geoip-database                                  install
gettext-base                                    install
ghostscript                                     install
gir1.2-glib-2.0:amd64                           install
git                                             install
git-man                                         install
gnupg                                           install
gnupg-l10n                                      install
gnupg-utils                                     install
gpg                                             install
gpg-agent                                       install
gpg-wks-client                                  install
gpg-wks-server                                  install
gpgconf                                         install
gpgsm                                           install
gpgv                                            install
grep                                            install
groff-base                                      install
grub-common                                     install
grub-gfxpayload-lists                           install
grub-legacy-ec2                                 install
grub-pc                                         install
grub-pc-bin                                     install
grub2-common                                    install
gsfonts                                         install
gzip                                            install
hdparm                                          install
hibagent                                        install
hicolor-icon-theme                              install
hostname                                        install
htop                                            install
ifenslave                                       install
ifupdown                                        install
imagemagick                                     install
imagemagick-6-common                            install
imagemagick-6.q16                               install
info                                            install
init                                            install
init-system-helpers                             install
initramfs-tools                                 install
initramfs-tools-bin                             install
initramfs-tools-core                            install
install-info                                    install
iproute2                                        install
iptables                                        install
iputils-ping                                    install
iputils-tracepath                               install
irqbalance                                      install
isc-dhcp-client                                 install
isc-dhcp-common                                 install
iso-codes                                       install
kbd                                             install
keyboard-configuration                          install
klibc-utils                                     install
kmod                                            install
krb5-locales                                    install
landscape-common                                install
language-selector-common                        install
less                                            install
libaccountsservice0:amd64                       install
libacl1:amd64                                   install
libapparmor-perl                                install
libapparmor1:amd64                              install
libapt-inst2.0:amd64                            install
libapt-pkg5.0:amd64                             install
libargon2-0:amd64                               install
libasn1-8-heimdal:amd64                         install
libasprintf0v5:amd64                            install
libassuan0:amd64                                install
libatm1:amd64                                   install
libattr1:amd64                                  install
libaudit-common                                 install
libaudit1:amd64                                 install
libavahi-client3:amd64                          install
libavahi-common-data:amd64                      install
libavahi-common3:amd64                          install
libbind9-160:amd64                              install
libblkid1:amd64                                 install
libbsd0:amd64                                   install
libbz2-1.0:amd64                                install
libc-bin                                        install
libc6:amd64                                     install
libcairo2:amd64                                 install
libcap-ng0:amd64                                install
libcap2:amd64                                   install
libcap2-bin                                     install
libcom-err2:amd64                               install
libcomerr2:amd64                                install
libcryptsetup12:amd64                           install
libcups2:amd64                                  install
libcupsfilters1:amd64                           install
libcupsimage2:amd64                             install
libcurl3-gnutls:amd64                           install
libcurl4:amd64                                  install
libdatrie1:amd64                                install
libdb5.3:amd64                                  install
libdbus-1-3:amd64                               install
libdbus-glib-1-2:amd64                          install
libdebconfclient0:amd64                         install
libdevmapper-event1.02.1:amd64                  install
libdevmapper1.02.1:amd64                        install
libdjvulibre-text                               install
libdjvulibre21:amd64                            install
libdns-export1100                               install
libdns1100:amd64                                install
libdrm-common                                   install
libdrm2:amd64                                   install
libdumbnet1:amd64                               install
libeatmydata1:amd64                             install
libedit2:amd64                                  install
libelf1:amd64                                   install
liberror-perl                                   install
libestr0:amd64                                  install
libevent-2.1-6:amd64                            install
libexpat1:amd64                                 install
libext2fs2:amd64                                install
libfastjson4:amd64                              install
libfdisk1:amd64                                 install
libffi6:amd64                                   install
libfftw3-double3:amd64                          install
libfontconfig1:amd64                            install
libfreetype6:amd64                              install
libfribidi0:amd64                               install
libfuse2:amd64                                  install
libgcc1:amd64                                   install
libgcrypt20:amd64                               install
libgd3:amd64                                    install
libgdbm-compat4:amd64                           install
libgdbm5:amd64                                  install
libgeoip1:amd64                                 install
libgirepository-1.0-1:amd64                     install
libglib2.0-0:amd64                              install
libglib2.0-data                                 install
libgmp10:amd64                                  install
libgnutls-openssl27:amd64                       install
libgnutls30:amd64                               install
libgomp1:amd64                                  install
libgpg-error0:amd64                             install
libgpm2:amd64                                   install
libgraphite2-3:amd64                            install
libgs9:amd64                                    install
libgs9-common                                   install
libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64                          install
libgssapi3-heimdal:amd64                        install
libharfbuzz0b:amd64                             install
libhcrypto4-heimdal:amd64                       install
libheimbase1-heimdal:amd64                      install
libheimntlm0-heimdal:amd64                      install
libhogweed4:amd64                               install
libhx509-5-heimdal:amd64                        install
libicu60:amd64                                  install
libidn11:amd64                                  install
libidn2-0:amd64                                 install
libijs-0.35:amd64                               install
libilmbase12:amd64                              install
libip4tc0:amd64                                 install
libip6tc0:amd64                                 install
libiptc0:amd64                                  install
libirs160:amd64                                 install
libisc-export169:amd64                          install
libisc169:amd64                                 install
libisccc160:amd64                               install
libisccfg160:amd64                              install
libisns0:amd64                                  install
libjbig0:amd64                                  install
libjbig2dec0:amd64                              install
libjpeg-turbo8:amd64                            install
libjpeg8:amd64                                  install
libjson-c3:amd64                                install
libk5crypto3:amd64                              install
libkeyutils1:amd64                              install
libklibc                                        install
libkmod2:amd64                                  install
libkrb5-26-heimdal:amd64                        install
libkrb5-3:amd64                                 install
libkrb5support0:amd64                           install
libksba8:amd64                                  install
liblcms2-2:amd64                                install
libldap-2.4-2:amd64                             install
libldap-common                                  install
liblocale-gettext-perl                          install
liblqr-1-0:amd64                                install
libltdl7:amd64                                  install
liblvm2app2.2:amd64                             install
liblvm2cmd2.02:amd64                            install
liblwres160:amd64                               install
liblxc-common                                   install
liblxc1                                         install
liblz4-1:amd64                                  install
liblzma5:amd64                                  install
liblzo2-2:amd64                                 install
libmagic-mgc                                    install
libmagic1:amd64                                 install
libmagickcore-6.q16-3:amd64                     install
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra:amd64               install
libmagickwand-6.q16-3:amd64                     install
libmnl0:amd64                                   install
libmount1:amd64                                 install
libmpdec2:amd64                                 install
libmpfr6:amd64                                  install
libmspack0:amd64                                install
libncurses5:amd64                               install
libncursesw5:amd64                              install
libnetfilter-conntrack3:amd64                   install
libnetpbm10                                     install
libnetplan0:amd64                               install
libnettle6:amd64                                install
libnewt0.52:amd64                               install
libnfnetlink0:amd64                             install
libnghttp2-14:amd64                             install
libnginx-mod-http-geoip                         install
libnginx-mod-http-image-filter                  install
libnginx-mod-http-xslt-filter                   install
libnginx-mod-mail                               install
libnginx-mod-stream                             install
libnih1:amd64                                   install
libnpth0:amd64                                  install
libnss-systemd:amd64                            install
libntfs-3g88                                    install
libnuma1:amd64                                  install
libopenexr22:amd64                              install
libp11-kit0:amd64                               install
libpam-cap:amd64                                install
libpam-modules:amd64                            install
libpam-modules-bin                              install
libpam-runtime                                  install
libpam-systemd:amd64                            install
libpam0g:amd64                                  install
libpango-1.0-0:amd64                            install
libpangocairo-1.0-0:amd64                       install
libpangoft2-1.0-0:amd64                         install
libpaper-utils                                  install
libpaper1:amd64                                 install
libparted2:amd64                                install
libpcap0.8:amd64                                install
libpci3:amd64                                   install
libpcre3:amd64                                  install
libperl5.22:amd64                               deinstall
libperl5.26:amd64                               install
libpipeline1:amd64                              install
libpixman-1-0:amd64                             install
libplymouth4:amd64                              install
libpng16-16:amd64                               install
libpolkit-agent-1-0:amd64                       install
libpolkit-backend-1-0:amd64                     install
libpolkit-gobject-1-0:amd64                     install
libpopt0:amd64                                  install
libprocps6:amd64                                install
libpsl5:amd64                                   install
libpython3-stdlib:amd64                         install
libpython3.6:amd64                              install
libpython3.6-minimal:amd64                      install
libpython3.6-stdlib:amd64                       install
libreadline5:amd64                              install
libreadline7:amd64                              install
libroken18-heimdal:amd64                        install
librtmp1:amd64                                  install
libsasl2-2:amd64                                install
libsasl2-modules:amd64                          install
libsasl2-modules-db:amd64                       install
libseccomp2:amd64                               install
libselinux1:amd64                               install
libsemanage-common                              install
libsemanage1:amd64                              install
libsepol1:amd64                                 install
libsigsegv2:amd64                               install
libslang2:amd64                                 install
libsmartcols1:amd64                             install
libsqlite3-0:amd64                              install
libss2:amd64                                    install
libssl1.0.0:amd64                               install
libssl1.1:amd64                                 install
libstdc++6:amd64                                install
libsystemd0:amd64                               install
libtasn1-6:amd64                                install
libtext-charwidth-perl                          install
libtext-iconv-perl                              install
libtext-wrapi18n-perl                           install
libthai-data                                    install
libthai0:amd64                                  install
libtiff5:amd64                                  install
libtinfo5:amd64                                 install
libudev1:amd64                                  install
libunistring2:amd64                             install
libunwind8:amd64                                install
libusb-0.1-4:amd64                              install
libusb-1.0-0:amd64                              install
libustr-1.0-1:amd64                             install
libutempter0:amd64                              install
libuuid1:amd64                                  install
libuv1:amd64                                    install
libwebp6:amd64                                  install
libwind0-heimdal:amd64                          install
libwmf0.2-7:amd64                               install
libwrap0:amd64                                  install
libx11-6:amd64                                  install
libx11-data                                     install
libxau6:amd64                                   install
libxcb-render0:amd64                            install
libxcb-shm0:amd64                               install
libxcb1:amd64                                   install
libxdmcp6:amd64                                 install
libxext6:amd64                                  install
libxml2:amd64                                   install
libxmlsec1:amd64                                install
libxmlsec1-openssl:amd64                        install
libxmuu1:amd64                                  install
libxpm4:amd64                                   install
libxrender1:amd64                               install
libxslt1.1:amd64                                install
libxtables12:amd64                              install
libyaml-0-2:amd64                               install
libzstd1:amd64                                  install
linux-aws                                       install
linux-aws-5.4-headers-5.4.0-1088                install
linux-base                                      install
linux-headers-5.4.0-1088-aws                    install
linux-headers-aws                               install
linux-image-4.4.0-1061-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1062-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1065-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1066-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1069-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1070-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1072-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1074-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1075-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1077-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1079-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1083-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1084-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1085-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1087-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1088-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1090-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1092-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1094-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1095-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1098-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1099-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1100-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1101-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1102-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1104-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1105-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1106-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1107-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1109-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1110-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1111-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1112-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1113-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1114-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1117-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1118-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1119-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1121-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1122-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1123-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1124-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1126-aws                      deinstall
linux-image-4.4.0-1128-aws                      install
linux-image-5.4.0-1088-aws                      install
linux-image-aws                                 install
linux-modules-4.4.0-1077-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1079-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1083-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1084-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1085-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1087-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1088-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1090-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1092-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1094-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1095-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1098-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1099-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1100-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1101-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1102-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1104-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1105-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1106-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1107-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1109-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1110-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1111-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1112-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1113-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1114-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1117-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1118-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1119-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1121-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1122-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1123-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1124-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1126-aws                    deinstall
linux-modules-4.4.0-1128-aws                    install
linux-modules-5.4.0-1088-aws                    install
locales                                         install
login                                           install
logrotate                                       install
lsb-base                                        install
lsb-release                                     install
lshw                                            install
lsof                                            install
ltrace                                          install
lvm2                                            install
lxc-common                                      deinstall
lxcfs                                           install
lxd                                             install
lxd-client                                      install
lynx                                            install
lynx-common                                     install
makedev                                         install
man-db                                          install
manpages                                        install
mawk                                            install
mdadm                                           install
mime-support                                    install
mlocate                                         install
motd-news-config                                install
mount                                           install
mtr-tiny                                        install
multiarch-support                               install
nano                                            install
ncurses-base                                    install
ncurses-bin                                     install
ncurses-term                                    install
net-tools                                       install
netbase                                         install
netcat-openbsd                                  install
netpbm                                          install
netplan.io                                      install
networkd-dispatcher                             install
nginx                                           install
nginx-common                                    install
nginx-core                                      install
nplan                                           install
ntfs-3g                                         install
open-iscsi                                      install
open-vm-tools                                   install
openssh-client                                  install
openssh-server                                  install
openssh-sftp-server                             install
openssl                                         install
os-prober                                       install
overlayroot                                     install
parted                                          install
passwd                                          install
pastebinit                                      install
patch                                           install
pciutils                                        install
perl                                            install
perl-base                                       install
perl-modules-5.26                               install
pinentry-curses                                 install
plymouth                                        install
plymouth-theme-ubuntu-text                      install
policykit-1                                     install
pollinate                                       install
poppler-data                                    install
popularity-contest                              install
powermgmt-base                                  install
procps                                          install
psmisc                                          install
publicsuffix                                    install
python-apt-common                               install
python3                                         install
python3-apport                                  install
python3-apt                                     install
python3-asn1crypto                              install
python3-attr                                    install
python3-automat                                 install
python3-blinker                                 install
python3-certifi                                 install
python3-cffi-backend                            install
python3-chardet                                 install
python3-click                                   install
python3-colorama                                install
python3-commandnotfound                         install
python3-configobj                               install
python3-constantly                              install
python3-cryptography                            install
python3-dbus                                    install
python3-debconf                                 install
python3-debian                                  install
python3-distro-info                             install
python3-distupgrade                             install
python3-distutils                               install
python3-gdbm:amd64                              install
python3-gi                                      install
python3-httplib2                                install
python3-hyperlink                               install
python3-idna                                    install
python3-incremental                             install
python3-jinja2                                  install
python3-json-pointer                            install
python3-jsonpatch                               install
python3-jsonschema                              install
python3-jwt                                     install
python3-lib2to3                                 install
python3-markupsafe                              install
python3-minimal                                 install
python3-netifaces                               install
python3-newt:amd64                              install
python3-oauthlib                                install
python3-openssl                                 install
python3-pam                                     install
python3-pexpect                                 install
python3-pkg-resources                           install
python3-prettytable                             install
python3-problem-report                          install
python3-ptyprocess                              install
python3-pyasn1                                  install
python3-pyasn1-modules                          install
python3-pycurl                                  install
python3-requests                                install
python3-requests-unixsocket                     install
python3-serial                                  install
python3-service-identity                        install
python3-six                                     install
python3-software-properties                     install
python3-systemd                                 install
python3-twisted                                 install
python3-twisted-bin:amd64                       install
python3-update-manager                          install
python3-urllib3                                 install
python3-yaml                                    install
python3-zope.interface                          install
python3.6                                       install
python3.6-minimal                               install
readline-common                                 install
rename                                          install
resolvconf                                      install
rsync                                           install
rsyslog                                         install
run-one                                         install
screen                                          install
sed                                             install
sensible-utils                                  install
sgml-base                                       install
shared-mime-info                                install
snapd                                           install
software-properties-common                      install
sosreport                                       install
squashfs-tools                                  install
ssh-import-id                                   install
strace                                          install
sudo                                            install
systemd                                         install
systemd-sysv                                    install
sysvinit-utils                                  install
tar                                             install
tcpd                                            install
tcpdump                                         install
telnet                                          install
time                                            install
tmux                                            install
tree                                            install
tzdata                                          install
ubuntu-advantage-tools                          install
ubuntu-cloudimage-keyring                       install
ubuntu-core-launcher                            install
ubuntu-keyring                                  install
ubuntu-minimal                                  install
ubuntu-release-upgrader-core                    install
ubuntu-server                                   install
ubuntu-standard                                 install
ucf                                             install
udev                                            install
ufw                                             install
uidmap                                          install
unattended-upgrades                             install
unzip                                           install
update-manager-core                             install
update-notifier-common                          install
ureadahead                                      install
usbutils                                        install
util-linux                                      install
uuid-runtime                                    install
vim                                             install
vim-common                                      install
vim-runtime                                     install
vim-tiny                                        install
vlan                                            install
wget                                            install
whiptail                                        install
xauth                                           install
xdelta3                                         install
xdg-user-dirs                                   install
xfsprogs                                        install
xkb-data                                        install
xml-core                                        install
xxd                                             install
xz-utils                                        install
zerofree                                        install
zip                                             install
zlib1g:amd64                                    install
