Font Wars Copyright 2011, 2013 Oran Looney

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Font Wars is a typing game/trainer. You play the brave Sgrt. A, trapped behind
enemy lines and forced to fend off waves of enemy fonts with nothing but your
trusty punctuation gun.

Gameplay is straightforward. Words come towards you and you must type them
before they reach you. There are no special controls: just type.

The word list was composed from three sources: the 1000 most common English
words, 500 or so harder words from an SAT study guide, and another couple
hundred scientific, mathematical, or software related words. When learning to
type, it's important to reach a level where the common words are instinctive
and habitual, but it's also important to be able to type arbitrary or complex
words. In my opinion, the hardest word to type on the list is "kwashiorkor;" it
is a disease caused lack of protein, very rare in the developed world but a
serious problem throughout the world and especially tragic in children.

There are no graphics: Text or ascii art is used for everything. The fonts come
from Google web fonts:

	http://code.google.com/apis/webfonts/

jQuery is used for animation, and no HTML5 canvas is used. Although you'd think
moving divs around would be flawlessly supported by now, I have seen rendering
artifacts on some browsers, especially once I started using custom fonts.
Chrome has a bug animating non-standard fonts which sometimes leaves
"smear-lines" behind, which I avoid by cycling the background color between
white and a very close off-white color. This works but I wish it wasn't
necessary. Unfortunately, the rendering bug persists even Chrome 26.

It uses the new HTML5 audio element for background music and sound effects.
Right now, I'm only using .ogg, which aparently does't work in Safari. I would
have to double encode the sound files and implement switching logic to support
that. HTML5 audio is frankly in a sorry state. Sound works best in Firefox 4 on
Windows and Chrome on Ubuntu... every other browser has serious issues with
audio, in particular when playing overlapping sounds.

Some sound effects came from freesound.org and require attribution:
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=2225
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=33245
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=39456
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=39458
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=39459
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=47252
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=77087
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=9098
http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=91924

Your previous personal best is stored in a local cookie. I assume people will
use the game to develop their own typing skills, where the only competition
that matters is with yourself.

The Geometry-Wars-like multiplier system is my solution to the problem of
encouraging high accuracy instead of key mashing. Every completed word
increases the multiplier (up to 50) and a single mistake resets it back down to
1. This strongly encourages long chains and encourages the player to strive for
high accuracy. High accuracy is further rewarded by visually and audibly
upgrading the bullets as the multiplier increases along with "+1" and "level
up!" messages when defeating enemies.

Reseting the multiplier is a good punishment since players often make several
related mistakes in a row. So, losing a life for each mistake would be terribly
frustrating as a single chain of related mistakes could wipe the player out
instantly. Interupting the gameflow after a mistake also seems like a bad idea
as it pulls the character out of their state of flow.  After experimenting with
several alternatives, I think this is the best way to emphasize the importance
of accuracy without interupting the flow of the game when a mistake is made, or
ruining the fun for low accuracy players.

